<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="FluidGrid"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            FluidGrid allows to set up a nice tight grid with items that have variable heights and widths.
            FluidGrid is a responsive grid. That means, the grid will reflow as the window size changes.
            Items can have any content: text, images, links, input fields, etc.
            They can be defined in a static or in a dynamic way as in data iteration components.
            <p/>
            This example demonstrates a simple usage with dynamic items. Dynamic items can be put in a collection or list
            of <strong>FluidGridItem</strong> instances. A <strong>FluidGridItem</strong> instance contains
            a data object (of any data types) and an optional type to match the type attribute in
            <strong>pe:fluidGridItem</strong> (see the example with dynamic form).
            Dynamic items can be accessed in XHTML via the <strong>value</strong> attribute and exposed
            via the <strong>var</strong> attribute. Click on the button below and resize the browser to test the fluid grid!
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <p:button outcome="/sections/fluidgrid/examples/dynamic.jsf"
                      value="Show fluid grid" target="_blank"/>
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <ui:decorate template="/templates/threeTabsDecoratorModel.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/fluidgrid/examples/example-dynamic.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/fluidgrid/FluidGridDynamicController.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab3">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/model/fluidgrid/Image.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/fluidgrid/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/twoTabsDocumentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName1" value="fluidGrid"/>
            <ui:param name="tagName2" value="fluidGridItem"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>