<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="AjaxErrorHandler"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">

            <p>
                If partial AJAX request returned some error, FrontEnd PrimeFaces did not respond to this error and user didn't know,
                where is problem and how can continue. The most often problems with AjaxErrors was, when some action/actionListener
                throw unexpected Exception and developer do not catch all exceptions (e.g.: save DB problem) or Session/ViewScope
                Expired (but Session/ViewScope expired is solved in new PrimeFaces).
            </p>

            <p>
                Maybe you too have experienced that during development user's actions has no affect after session expiration
                (no response from server). Because PrimeFaces ignore a lot of errors, finding out the real reason of problem
                takes a long time without error information.
            </p>

            <p>
                Component pe:ajaxErrorHandler is created for setting of AJAX error handling. The component enables displaying
                a message in case of detection of an AJAX error. In case of need, you can define different behaviour for various
                types of errors.
            </p>

            <p>
                The best way to understand the behaviour is through examples.
            </p>

        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/ajaxerrorhandler/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="ajaxErrorHandler"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
