<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Layout"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            Layout creates a border layout that has auto-sizing 'center pane' surrounded by up to four closable and resizable 'border panes' (north, south, east and west). It can also create multiple headers inside each pane.
            For more complex layouts you can nest layouts within layouts. Possibilities are unlimited - from simple fixed headers or sidebars to rich applications.
            Each layout pane can be closed, opened and resized, within automatic or specified limits. You can use layout either for an entire page (fill page layout) or for a specific region in the page (element layout).
            Furthermore, layout can be tabbed - built-in layout integration with tabs.
            <p/>
            In comparison to PrimeFaces' layout where a layout pane must have it's own form, PrimeFaces Extensions' layout can have a form surrounding multiply layout panes.
            Having less forms has benefits - better perfomance and easier communication between layout panes (think about "update" / "process" attributes).
            Another benefit of the PrimeFaces Extensions' layout is a sophisticated state management (state of layout panes). There are client-side and server-side state management.
        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/layout/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/twoTabsDocumentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName1" value="layout"/>
            <ui:param name="tagName2" value="layoutPane"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
