<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Timeline"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            When the property <strong>group</strong> in <strong>TimelineEvent</strong> is provided, all events with the same group are placed on one line.
            A vertical axis is displayed showing the groups. Grouping events can be useful for example when showing availability of
            multiple people, rooms, or other resources next to each other.
            Note, that grouped events will not be stacked automatically when they overlap each other if the attribute
            <strong>stackEvents</strong> is set to false (default is true).
            Editable grouped events can be moved. Please consider the attribute <strong>groupsChangeable</strong>.
            If it is set to true (default), events can be moved from one group to another.
            <p/>
            There are two ways to define the content of groups. <strong>1)</strong> Directly by setting the content into the <strong>group</strong> property of the TimelineEvent.
            <strong>2)</strong> By <strong>TimelineGroup</strong> and the <strong>f:facet name="group"</strong>. The second variant is more flexible than the first one.
            <i>How does it works?</i> TimelineModel can have a list of TimelineGroup objects. Each TimelineGroup encapsulates a data object (any type) and an ID (string).
            Ordering is defined by the native list ordering (elements in the list are ordered). TimelineEvent need to get an ID of the group via the <strong>group</strong>
            property. This ID is a reference between event and group. The group's data can be accessed via the <strong>varGroup</strong> attribute and
            rendered via the <strong>f:facet name="group"</strong> (see this example). <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Important:</span>
            If the list of TimelineGroup objects is available, we assume that the <strong>group</strong> property containes an ID.
            Otherwise, the <strong>group</strong> property containes the whole content of the group.
            <p/>
            Besides grouping, this example also demonstrates how to merge events when they get overlapped by moving (dragging and dropping).
            <strong>TimelineModel</strong> provides all necessary methods to get overlapped events and merge them with a given event.
            Here again: use an instance of <strong>TimelineUpdater</strong> if you would like to reflect Timeline's server-side changes in UI.
        </h:panelGroup>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-START -->
<p:growl id="growl" showSummary="true" showDetail="false" autoUpdate="true"/>
            
<p:timeline id="timeline" value="#{groupingTimelineController.model}" var="order" varGroup="group"
             editable="true" eventMargin="5" eventMarginAxis="0"
             groupsChangeable="true" groupsOnRight="false" stackEvents="false"
             showMajorLabels="false" axisOnTop="true"
             timeZone="America/New_York" widgetVar="timelineWdgt">
    <p:ajax event="changed" update="@none" listener="#{groupingTimelineController.onChange}"/>
    <p:ajax event="delete" update="@none" listener="#{groupingTimelineController.onDelete}"/>
    <p:ajax event="add" update="@none" onstart="PF('timelineWdgt').cancelAdd()"/>
    
    <f:facet name="group">
        <h:graphicImage value="#{group.imagePath}" style="vertical-align:middle;" alt="Truck"/>
        <h:outputText value="Truck #{group.text}" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
    </f:facet>
    
    <h:graphicImage value="#{order.imagePath}" rendered="#{not empty order.imagePath}"
                    style="display:inline; vertical-align:middle;" alt="Order"/>
    <h:outputText value="Order #{order.number}"/>
</p:timeline>
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-END -->
<ui:include src="/sections/timeline/groupingCSS.xhtml"/>
        <br/>
        <span style="font-size:11px;color:#808080">
        Icons by <a href="http://customicondesign.com/" target="_blank" style="color:#007edf">Custom Icon Design</a> and
                 <a href="http://pixel-mixer.com" target="_blank" style="color:#007edf">Pixel Mixer</a>
        </span>
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <ui:decorate template="/templates/threeTabsDecoratorModelCSS.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/grouping.xhtml')}
                
// Dialog with overlapped timeline events
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/overlapEventsDialog.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/timeline/GroupingTimelineController.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab3">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/model/timeline/Order.java')}
                
// Converter for the model class Order.java
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/converter/OrderConverter.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab4">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/groupingCSS.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="dialogs">
        <h:form id="dialogForm" prependId="false">            
            <ui:include src="/sections/timeline/overlapEventsDialog.xhtml"/>
            <ui:include src="/sections/shared/dialogs.xhtml"/>
        </h:form>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/timeline/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="timeline"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>