<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Timeline"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            Timeline supports lazy loading of events during moving / zooming in the timeline.
            This makes sense when event's loading is time-consuming. Events are loaded lazy
            when the p:ajax with <strong>event="lazyload"</strong> is attached to the pe:timeline.
            The event class <strong>TimelineLazyLoadEvent</strong> contains one or two time ranges
            the events should be loaded for (two times ranges occurs when you zoom out the timeline).
            <p/>
            <strong>Note:</strong> The "lazyload" listener is not invoked again when the visible time range
            (incl. some hidden ranges defined by <strong>preloadFactor</strong>) already has lazy loaded events.
            <p/>
            In this demo, you also can play with the <strong>preloadFactor</strong> attribute which is a float value
            in range from 0 to 1. When the lazy loading feature is active, the visible time range will be multiplicated
            by the preload factor. The result of this multiplication specifies the time range on the left and right side
            of the visible time range which will be considered for the preloading during moving / zooming too.
            For example, if the visible time range is 5 days and the preload factor is 0.2, the result is 5 * 0.2 = 1 day.
            That means, 1 days backwards and 1 days onwards will be preloaded. This helps to avoid frequently,
            time-consuming fetching of events.            
        </h:panelGroup>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-START -->
<pe:timeline value="#{lazyTimelineController.model}"
             min="#{lazyTimelineController.min}"
             max="#{lazyTimelineController.max}"
             zoomMin="#{lazyTimelineController.zoomMin}"
             zoomMax="#{lazyTimelineController.zoomMax}"
             showNavigation="true"/>
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-END -->
        </h:panelGroup>
        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/lazy.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/timeline/LazyTimelineController.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/timeline/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="timeline"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>